# Brack meeting #1
2024/05/13 15:00-16:00

## Participants
- [@momeemt](https://github.com/momeemt)
- [@uekann](https://github.com/uekann)

## Minutes
- uekann will not be able to work for Brack in June because he will have more classes in Spring B term than now.
    - He said that he would ideally like to implement the diagnostic feature of LSP.
    - He will show progress until 17th June (final exams of Spring-B).
- uekann should improve `ParseError` so that the language server can throw it.
    - In particular, it needs to have a filename and position when it throws errors, and it should implement `enum` as we'd like to distinguish errors.
    - Tokens already have ranges through the `Location` structure, so it seems easy to change the AST structure.
- We sorted out what uekann should do.
    - Add `Location` to the `ParseError` structure.
        - 5/14-20 (iteration 2)
        - We have very heavy reports from our university, so this is an effort target.
    - Define an enum type that has a `ParseError` type.
        - 5/21-26 (iteration 3)
        - An essentially difficult point is to organise errors that can occur.
    - Return appropriate errors to avoid parent nodes ignoring errors raised by child nodes.
        - 5/28-6/3 (iteration 4)
- We also sorted out what momeemt should do.
    - Add README.md.
        - 5/14-20 (iteration 2)
        - Syntax, use of CLI commands, how to make a plugin and how to install.
        - A plugin document can be `/docs` or pdk repository instead of README.
        - After momeemt writes it, he will ask uekann to review it.
    - Remove modsurfer from the project.
        - 5/21-27 (iteration 3)
        - We don't need to use modsurfer because it prevents Brack from being built by naersk.
    - Implement std.html
        - 5/28-6/3 (iteration 4)
- Brack cannot expand nested macros in the current implementation.
    - We should fix this soon.
- We develop a note application with Brack to appeal to other people.
    - uekann thinks that embedded numeric formula, modern design and PDF conversion are needed.
    - We should research a theme system like Hugo, Jekyll or Gatsby...

## Next
2024/05/20 15:00-16:00

